Ah no no
No, you can't do this to me in this life
I can't.
Can he?
I know in this life that I only love you
You trample on my dignity in public
You dare to have sex with a wild man
What else do you want to talk to me about?
Or say
You want me to record it for everyone to see
What do pigs look like when they are raised?
Death with a knife has spirit
Why have you become like this?
The thing I regret the most
Is to marry you
I ran away a lot to marry you
Even at the expense of pushing democracy down
Now I regret being a god
Meat Aoyama you bastard
You let him go
I'm not done yet.
Save your energy by watching you
Where did you say you went?
I'm about to deliver takeout
I'm so scared don't be afraid
I'll go back now.
Send him back
As for taking him to the hospital
Let the hospital see their young talent Dr. Zhou
What a significant other
Yunchu, how are you?
What's wrong with my stomach?
Preserved eggs
You don't want me anymore
Also dream of peach phoenix eyes
Did he force me to say
He is the mistress of this house
Don't worry, fool.
When the time is right
I'll divorce him and go